what up people it's the superhero
youtube here boy j and i'm back with
another madden 25 demo video for yacht
now this is a video talking about my two
cents my feelings my thoughts on a demo
thus far it's alright I give it an eight
out of a 10 now the game comes out on a
27 but if you have the e a season-ticket
past you can get the game three days
early on a couple of things to keep in
mind you will not be able to play like
Ultimate Team and things like that just
simple game modes head-to-head connected
franchises and things like that you will
be able to play now the demo it's able
to download in the marketplace about 1.9
gig so go check it out ps3 users might
want to check what chase on twitter to
see how he was able to download it from
the PSN network i do not know how to get
it for you PS three people but in the
demo you get to play with seattle
seahawks vs the green bay packers and
the 49ers versus the baltimore ravens
but i'm about to play the 49ers you know
cuz i mean i understand who but to do
our thing out here in the football field
now i'm not really that good at break it
down certain plays but there are certain
things about madden that i would have
liked to see them fixed in madden 25
things like Titan streets that comeback
routes to fades in the end zone the
different types of blitzes that people
who have been abusing online and a
couple other glitches and things like
that i would have liked them seen a fix
like the old line issue one thing about
the old line was that the outside
blitzing outrunning the tackling just
running back around to get to
quarterback but so far in this demo I
tried it twice I was not able to do with
the actual tackle continued his block
all the way down the field so he did not
allow me to get around the one thing
that I will see that's going to be a
threat you know it's always going to be
every man has a playbook or a play or
two that is a some people call it a
glitch but
every Madden has you know glitches /
abuse of plays that people are going to
do and I think it's going to be maybe to
pistol offense it's kind of confusing
but the read-option and all these type
of different plays as you can see right
now in that playbook it can't be really
deadly if somebody is just that girl
with a pistol offense is going to be a
problem people problem as you can see
I'm not that good at he is supposed to
hold a to let the running back hold on
to the ball but I'm not that good at it
excuse me still a little under the
weather bear with me I'm not that good
at the pistol opt-ins yet but there are
some people out there that have been
studying and they just can't wait for
the moment to get that pistol offense
now how the game feels it it has if you
play NCAA 14 a little bit like that but
it's far from 1313 had that infinity
engine type feel you know you run into
somebody in the back you start stumbling
and fumbling and you just it just was
awkward in 25 it does have a small
smoother feel to it now I'm pretty sure
you're gonna hear someone talk about how
it's not and how does and that I like
that I don't know if you all may have
noticed that with that dive he missed me
in NC double-a that would have been a
shoestring tackle and I actually
appreciate the fact that they noticed
that in 25 men 25 we should not allow a
linebacker defensive tackle defensive
end to dive five to ten yards to get a
shoestring tackle so things like that i
noticed that he actually missed that
tackle because that could have really
been really bad if you were tackled me
in the backfield on that screen pass
running the ball as you can see it's
pretty nice pretty that spin move in
madden 13 I would have bumped all in to
the back of my guy I would have been
stumbling it would have been just
flat-out ridiculous excuse me
running a zone here against the
quarterback on the computer and I'm
playing on all madden so sometimes you
play the computer now I'm Adam they seem
to pick up everything but he did not
know the Smiths sitting there in his own
interception I was not able to test out
the fade route because i would need
somebody a user to actually throw the
fade route i'm playing against them and
I was not able to test out the comeback
route so those two things I would want
to check out this play right here that
I'm about to do it's kind of like a lead
past it was able to work really well on
13 and it was like throwing a to the
outside shoulder to Vernon Davis and
majority of the time it works as you can
see here if it didn't work at all thrown
to the outside shouldered lead passing
in 13 and worked a whole lot better
maybe it's colin kaepernick maybe his
own biz not that good or great to throw
outside or lead passing or whatever but
I've noticed that it's not that abusive
this time around so if you had issues
with people look at that flacco was out
there pulling a mark sanchez but it gets
up and he throws the ball like a beast
so the pistol offense I feel is going to
be the threat this year using a pistol
offense if somebody is good at it my
advice try to get good at it i'm not i'm
just going to use it whenever I just
want to try it out fade routes and
leading passing is not that good it's
okay what else I have not been able to
check out to come back routes yet and
things like that the tight end streaks I
tried it once again picked off so that's
not going to work fumble but anyway
people this is just a quick little video
talking about my two cents and how I
feel about the game so far overall I
liked the demo I like the feel of it mad
and I feel may have stepped it up this
year but this is just my two cents
if you download the demo let me know
what you think about it in the comments
section go ahead and leave a like go
ahead if you're not a subscriber I don't
know what's taking you so long to
subscribe to greatness but hit that
subscribe button better than that people
it's your boy Jake and I am is that